from the countryside to the big city
the way to become a boy
this film describes the way our world lies
we come from the northernmost part of Germany just before the Danish
Limit in terms of bookings per person
that's true
He is said to have said we have never seen this
You are not allowed to work when I switch to the prices
next to people we want to take them »idea Graumann
behind this door should be our forum
Euro first album be Connected
Telvent going on for the country life is of course to be heard when you go
once a little louder
Franken Klopp particularly beneficial Finn Band the North Face Landes that
you can not do a lot differently here
So you can either
From the PC put the act can take the stage for reasons or halt
make music
Williams helped kick the stage southwieke
Dr
Red Bull River Sill
and that's why you would become so kind of limited, not many
Alternatives but you can hold just here not in the gate
with it performances
It looks very black so Gibson
parry where you can play the dozen to a 2 in the zoo within a radius of 50
kilometers
since others also played several times
but to look at him it always wiped out the same people
as they also settled relatively flat someone knows just borrowed
tusk
to be raised to a new level
we are allowed to do and music in the front area
Today, the 1 wants that is almost the St Pauli supplied
So in Nordfriesland what so or so old and so if music with
two acoustic guitars and magnificent witnesses have played bass
and that we then noticed more and more at the concerts here
that and some performance bit the pressure is missing and percent
Percent saw a kind of red thread somehow still a bit that one
could still improve
and percent then we have the idea to increase Hansson which we already
know for too long again
and percents have to hear that good speaker can sing first solo and good
fits into the troupe
and then we have a few times together with and while we have
noticed that so the chemistry is right
and also mitigate with our step to Hamburg dissolved into the band
After a long and intense search it is now the final formation
i am i see cheap hair
Hold FedEx I managed so Steffen Bock
I'm eleven unplayable it
I loved playing and seeing
I am loading a difficult payments Iburg
he is called phase
he had to have done in Wattens and students to the
recorded and some titles of Wolrd 2006
the door sold very well that the army on the sale only sale
avoids can still wrote down
so that we sell the self via the website and called
the studio is only recommended
these are two very nice people including dog the e-plus and yet
Percent Woman can spend so nice weeks and also in more relaxed
Atmosphere you get cooked you get the best coffee in the world
and you can
and can record Super Super music per Super
but so our new album
In any case, one can say that we
after some time
when we were all done with our degrees but almost finished
Companies decided to go to Hamburg
and the three do CW and I have to go to school even more
and around we are old closed as Bernd passed under to so with
the goal in Hamburg to continue making music together
and now off to the Hanseatic city
on Verra
Since you can hardly sleep on the uncomfortable seats we use the two and a half
Hours sometimes have to sit